The Great Escape – Website Working and Description of Entities

At Great Escape, we have aimed to design an intuitive and responsive website to cater to the needs of all our potential customers.
This document describes each section of the website in detail, and also elaborates on every feature included in the website.

1.Common Navigation Bar:
One of the most user-friendly features provide by us is the common Navigation Bar at the top of our website. This enables site visitors 
to navigate from page to page effortlessly, without having to constantly keep stepping back to previous pages. 

2.Login/Signup Pages:
Every potential site visitor is given an option to Sign up for a free, Great Escape account on the Signup page. Existing users can simply
 Login to their accounts on the Login page, or also change their existing password here. The users are also given password recovery options 
by us, in case of a “Forgot Password” scenario.

3.About Us page:
The About Us page is accessible from the homepage, and talks about our agency and its inspiration to do things differently. The section is brief
 and helps our customers truly understand our passion for travel and exploration.

4.Homepage:
Our elegant and highly informative homepage is the landing page for our entire website. Here, the customers are provided a host of options to browse
 to, including the Login/Signup page, and a beautiful collection of images illustrating 12 scenic travel locations featured by us. 

5.Location Specific Pages:
From the homepage, the customers can now select any location of their choice and click on its image, to be greeted by a custom-made page for each 
location, which feature in it a plethora of beautiful, location specific images, and insights into the speciality of the selected location.

6.Booking Facilities:
After viewing the locations, customers can zero in on a particular location of their liking and proceed to book their vacation. The Booking Page is accessible 
from the Navigation Bar. On selecting it, they are presented with a choice of three packages, each offering its own unique features. From here, our customers 
can pick any package of their liking. 

7.Package Specific Pages:
Once the customer has selected a package, they are redirected to its specific page. Here, they can customize the package with their preferred choice of hotels 
and cities. A choice of hotels, along with their ratings is provided by us in this page. After finalizing their selection, the customer will be redirected to a 
secure payment gateway, on clicking the “Make Payment” button to process their transaction.

8.Payment and Confirmation:
In the payment window, the customers are presented with a wide array of online payment options such as Debit, Credit cards and the increasingly robust and popular 
UPI based payment. Customers can pick whichever payment mode suits them best and proceed with the transaction. A unique OTP is generated for each transaction, for 
security purposes and sent to the registered number of the customer. After successful transaction, tickets for the package are generated and the customer can now download 
them. Furthermore, a copy of the tickets is sent to their registered e-mail and a confirmation message from our end is sent to their mobile phone.

9.Website Footer:
The footer region of our website contains information pertaining to contact us, and also, the registered trademark of our agency.

10.Miscellaneous Points:
Our website is responsive for all device sizes, and is intuitive to use. It is server speed efficient and not resource heavy on any type of internet 
connection. It also has cross browser and full OS/Browser compatibility.
